Variable	Domain	Acceleration	Gauge	Statistic	Jerk Signal?	Magnitude of 3D signals?	Axis
fBodyAcc.mean.X	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			X-axis
fBodyAcc.mean.Y	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			Y-axis
fBodyAcc.mean.Z	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			Z-axis
fBodyAcc.meanFreq.X	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			X-axis
fBodyAcc.meanFreq.Y	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			Y-axis
fBodyAcc.meanFreq.Z	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			Z-axis
fBodyAcc.std.X	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations			X-axis
fBodyAcc.std.Y	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations			Y-axis
fBodyAcc.std.Z	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations			Z-axis
fBodyAccJerk.mean.X	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk		X-axis
fBodyAccJerk.mean.Y	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk		Y-axis
fBodyAccJerk.mean.Z	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk		Z-axis
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.X	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk		X-axis
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.Y	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk		Y-axis
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.Z	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk		Z-axis
fBodyAccJerk.std.X	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk		X-axis
fBodyAccJerk.std.Y	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk		Y-axis
fBodyAccJerk.std.Z	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk		Z-axis
fBodyAccMag.mean	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations		Magnitude	
fBodyAccMag.meanFreq	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean Frequency across observations		Magnitude	
fBodyAccMag.std	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations		Magnitude	
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk	Magnitude	
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.meanFreq	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean Frequency across observations	Jerk	Magnitude	
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk	Magnitude	
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations	Jerk	Magnitude	
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.meanFreq	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean Frequency across observations	Jerk	Magnitude	
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations		Magnitude	
fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations		Magnitude	
fBodyBodyGyroMag.meanFreq	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean Frequency across observations		Magnitude	
fBodyBodyGyroMag.std	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations		Magnitude	
fBodyGyro.mean.X	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations			X-axis
fBodyGyro.mean.Y	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations			Y-axis
fBodyGyro.mean.Z	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations			Z-axis
fBodyGyro.meanFreq.X	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean Frequency across observations			X-axis
fBodyGyro.meanFreq.Y	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean Frequency across observations			Y-axis
fBodyGyro.meanFreq.Z	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean Frequency across observations			Z-axis
fBodyGyro.std.X	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations			X-axis
fBodyGyro.std.Y	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations			Y-axis
fBodyGyro.std.Z	Frequency-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations			Z-axis
tBodyAcc.mean.X	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			X-axis
tBodyAcc.mean.Y	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			Y-axis
tBodyAcc.mean.Z	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			Z-axis
tBodyAcc.std.X	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations			Y-axis
tBodyAcc.std.Y	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations			Z-axis
tBodyAcc.std.Z	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations			X-axis
tBodyAccJerk.mean.X	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk		X-axis
tBodyAccJerk.mean.Y	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk		Y-axis
tBodyAccJerk.mean.Z	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk		Z-axis
tBodyAccJerk.std.X	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk		Y-axis
tBodyAccJerk.std.Y	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk		Z-axis
tBodyAccJerk.std.Z	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk		X-axis
tBodyAccJerkMag.mean	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations	Jerk	Magnitude	
tBodyAccJerkMag.std	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations		Magnitude	
tBodyAccMag.mean	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations		Magnitude	
tBodyAccMag.std	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations		Magnitude	
tBodyGyro.mean.X	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations			X-axis
tBodyGyro.mean.Y	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations			Y-axis
tBodyGyro.mean.Z	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations			Z-axis
tBodyGyro.std.X	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations			Y-axis
tBodyGyro.std.Y	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations			Z-axis
tBodyGyro.std.Z	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations			X-axis
tBodyGyroJerk.mean.X	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations	Jerk		X-axis
tBodyGyroJerk.mean.Y	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations	Jerk		Y-axis
tBodyGyroJerk.mean.Z	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations	Jerk		Z-axis
tBodyGyroJerk.std.X	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk		Y-axis
tBodyGyroJerk.std.Y	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk		Z-axis
tBodyGyroJerk.std.Z	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk		X-axis
tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations	Jerk	Magnitude	
tBodyGyroJerkMag.std	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations	Jerk	Magnitude	
tBodyGyroMag.mean	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Mean across observations		Magnitude	
tBodyGyroMag.std	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Gyroscope	Standard Deviation across observations		Magnitude	
tGravityAcc.mean.X	Time-domain	Gravity acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			X-axis
tGravityAcc.mean.Y	Time-domain	Gravity acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			Y-axis
tGravityAcc.mean.Z	Time-domain	Body acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations			Z-axis
tGravityAcc.std.X	Time-domain	Gravity acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations			Y-axis
tGravityAcc.std.Y	Time-domain	Gravity acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations			Z-axis
tGravityAcc.std.Z	Time-domain	Gravity acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations			X-axis
tGravityAccMag.mean	Time-domain	Gravity acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Mean across observations		Magnitude	
tGravityAccMag.std	Time-domain	Gravity acceleration signal	Accelerometer	Standard Deviation across observations		Magnitude	
